While we're still on a topic of animation why don't we take a look at the animation film on property
and what it stands now the theory is that animation film mode is helpful with defining the values outside
the animation.
Now in practical how this is gonna look like.
Well I don't know maybe an index each demo.
Let's get her of this transition we don't need it as well as LET'S MAKE OUR SUCCESS A LITTLE BIT MORE
Slim where we're not gonna have these styles for transitions because we already have covered it.
And you know what also I would like to get rid of all these comments here and you know what might as
well let's get her of the animation for now at least and delete all the information that we had within
the move animation to begin with just I would like to start from scratch.
So I have my animation and you know what the moment I save it.
Obviously this is gonna be my day.
And let's imagine some kind of scenario where there's gonna be an animation and I would want to start
with the opacity of zero which would mean that we wouldn't be able to see this live and we're gonna
do the animation where it goes back to zero point five percent.
So then we would want to decide how the animation film mode is going to come into play.
First things first let's set up our animation and I'm gonna say that at 0 percent there is gonna be
the opacity of zero right opacity zero.
Then also there's going to be 50 percent animation so at all you know what.
Let's maybe write 25 percent.
At 25 we would like to transform property again.
And there's gonna be translate X negative 200 or not 200 let's do 200.
This is gonna shift to the right as well as let's add a little bit more opacity in this case opacity
is gonna be I don't know zero point twenty five since this is 25 percent then let's copy and paste it.
So let's say 1 2 we have 50 percent.
Yeah.
That should be enough.
So with 50 percent we're gonna have the capacity of zero point five then at hundred percent.
We're also going to have a opacity of let's say you know what.
No let's change it around let's say 50 percent there's gonna be opacity 1.
And then once we go back 200 percent we're gonna have a capacity of zero point five.
We already know how we can use the animation.
So the right animation and the name is gonna be what.
Well the name was move.
So that would be a first value.
Then we're looking for how long the duration would be.
So let's say five seconds and let's run this two times.
Now the moment we save it our innovation is kicking in.
Everything is working fine.
But what happened.
Well we get to the 50 percent and this is where we're gonna stop then.
And here obviously there's a mistake.
Sorry.
I'm looking at I'm thinking why this is doing that because I was a little left the translate with two
hundred so let me fix this.
I would want to have not two hundred so my bad.
I was waiting waiting for it and I'm like looking at it well wait a minute.
Nothing is really happening.
And then let's say zero.
So this is gonna bounce to the right then bounce left back and then end up with zero.
In the moment we save it.
Now we have our information when it bounces first time bounces.
The second time and then the end of the second time it stays back to a capacity of one because we can
clearly see where the actual devastating sitting for and maybe that's not something we would want.
Maybe I would want to end up with opacity of zero point five.
So this is where the property of animation film mode comes into play where we can head over back here
and we can see animation and film mode and we have few options we have backwards where this would go
back to original value which in our case would be something like this where we have an option of.
Now how the forwards is gonna look like the moment I'm going to save it eventually once the animation
is gonna stop running my device is going to stay with opacity of zero point five.
Don't believe me.
Let's test it out the animation runs the first time.
Okay so far so good.
Then again we run the animation the second time and the moment it stops running.
Instead of going back to opacity one which would be our original value we are going forwards and staying
with whatever values we had here.
So if I'm going to add let's say translation of 20 pixels what's gonna happen is my div is gonna be
by default right now.
Also translated not only of passive and in general terms this is how we can work with animation film
mode where you would want your day of let's say to get the values that you end up with with hundred
percent then yours is gonna add animation film mode and you're going to use the value of forward.